#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation,Environment,SetUp

= Introduction =

You need to install three things in order to begin working on talking points:
  # [http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.1.html Android 2.1 SDK]
  # [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/ Eclipse Classic 3.5.1]
  # Subversion plug-in for Eclipse


= Java JDK =

Install JDK: The Android SDK requires JDK version 5 or version 6. If you already have one of those installed, skip to the next step. In particular, Mac OS X comes with the JDK version 5 already installed, and many Linux distributions include a JDK. If the JDK is not installed, go to and you’ll see a list of Java products to download. You want JDK 6 Update n for your operating system, where n is 6 at the time of this writing.

*Windows (XP and Vista)*
  * Select the distribution for “Windows Offline Installation, Multi-language.”
  * Read, review, and accept Sun’s license for the JDK. (The license has become very permissive, but if you have a problem with it, alternative free JDKs exist.)
  * Once the download is complete, a dialog box will ask you whether you want to run the downloaded executable. When you select “Run,” the Windows Installer will start up and lead you through a dialog to install the JDK on your PC.

*Linux*

  * Select the distribution for “Linux self-extracting file.”
  * Read, review, and accept Sun’s license for the JDK. (The license has become very permissive, but if you have a problem with it, alternative free JDKs exist.)
  * You will need to download the self-extracting binary to the location in which you want to install the JDK on your filesystem. If that is a system-wide directory (such as /usr/local), you will need root access. After the file is downloaded, make it executable (chmod +x jdk-6version-linux-i586.bin), and execute it. It will self-extract to create a tree of directories.

*Mac OS X*

  * Mac OS X comes with JDK version 5 already loaded.


= Installing the Android SDK =

The most recent download can be found [here http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html]

= Eclipse Plugin Installation =
  # Start Eclipse, then select Help > *Install New Software*.
  # In the Available Software dialog, click *Add*....
  # In the Add Site dialog that appears, enter a name for the remote site (for example, "Android Plugin") in the "Name" field.
  # In the "Location" field, enter this URL: https://dl-ssl.google.com/android/eclipse *Note*: If you have trouble acquiring the plugin, you can try using "http" in the URL, instead of "https" (https is preferred for security reasons). *Click OK*.
  # Back in the Available Software view, you should now see "Developer Tools" added to the list. Select the checkbox next to Developer Tools, which will automatically select the nested tools Android DDMS and Android Development Tools. Click *Next*.
  # In the resulting Install Details dialog, the Android DDMS and Android Development Tools features are listed. Click Next to read and accept the license agreement and install any dependencies, then click *Finish*.
  # *Restart* Eclipse.
  
Now modify your Eclipse preferences to point to the Android SDK directory:
  # *Select* Window > Preferences... to open the Preferences panel (Mac OS X: Eclipse > Preferences).
  # *Select* Android from the left panel.
  # For the SDK Location in the main panel, click *Browse*... and locate your downloaded SDK directory.
  #Click *Apply*, then OK.