#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Adding a New Directory with the SVN Command Line  =
  # svn checkout http://talking-points-3.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/  talking-points-3-read-only
  # svn checkout https://talking-points-3.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ talking-points-3 --username your.name
  # Once you make your changes to the code, you need to issue a "svn add" command to add the respective files and/or directories. 
*Note* : By default, the svn additions are recursive. 
   At the terminal issue this command: 
  _svn add TEMP/_
  # Once you make your changes to the code, you need to issue a "svn add" command to add the respective files and/or directories. Note: By default, the svn additions are recursive.
e.g.
svn add TEMP/
A         TEMP

To save these changes to the repository, you need to issue an “svn commit”:

svn commit -m “test”, where the “m” arguments specifies your comment.

After you enter an “svn commit” command, you will be prompted to enter your Google Code password:

Authentication realm: <https://talking-points-3.googlecode.com:443> Google Code Subversion Repository

Password for ‘user.name:

Adding         TEMP

#Committed revision 40.

Note: You have to use your googlecode password, not your gmail password.  Go look at your project's 'source' page for instructions.

Note: You will not be able to commit changes to the repository unless you are a project member (either owner or committer)

Subversion cheat sheet: http://www.abbeyworkshop.com/howto/misc/svn01/